.TH Pizza-Py-Party 1 "2009-01-19" "Pizza Py Party"
.SH NAME
pizza-py-party \- a command line program for ordering pizza.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pizza-py-party
.RB [OPTIONS]
.RB [TOPPINGS]
.RB [QUANTITY]
.RB [SIZE]
.RB [CRUST]
.P
QUANTITY can be between 1 and 5. No more than 10 pizzas can be ordered.
.br
SIZE can be: small, medium, large, or x-large.
.br
Note: small is not available for deepdish or brooklyn.
      medium is not available for brooklyn
      x-large is not available for deepdish, thin.
.br
CRUST can be: handtoss, deepdish, thin, or brooklyn.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.BR pizza-py-party
provides a command line interface for ordering pizza from the Domino's Pizza website.
.SH DIRECTIONS
You will first need to go to www.dominos.com and sign up for 
an account. Then use your user name and password in the .pizza-py-party.conf
file, or in your command line request.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-U,\ \-\-username\   <USERNAME>
Specify the user name for your Domino's account.
.TP
.BR \-P,\ \-\-password\   <PASSWORD>
Specify the password for your Domino's account.
.TP
.BR \-O,\ \-\-coupon\      <ID#\ |\ x>
Choose an online coupon to apply to the order or choose x to see the current coupon
menu.
.TP
.BR \-F,\ \-\-force
Complete the order without asking for user confirmation.
.TP
.BR \-I,\ \-\-input-file\   <BATCHFILE>
Read pizza orders from a batch file.  This batch file will be formatted the same way as your single command line pizza orders except each order will be separated by a new line.
.TP
.BR \-H,\ \-\-help
Display the help menu.

.SH TOPPINGS
Here is a list of the toppings that are available from Domino's for your pizza order:
.TP
.B \-p,\ \-\-pepperoni
Order your pizza with pepperoni.
.TP
.B \-x,\ \-\-xlarge-pepperoni
Order your pizza with extra large pepperoni.
.TP
.B \-i,\ \-\-italian-sausage 
Order your pizza with Italian sausage.
.TP
.B \-b,\ \-\-beef
Order your pizza with beef.
.TP
.B \-h,\ \-\-ham
Order your pizza with ham.
.TP
.B \-c,\ \-\-bacon
Order your pizza with bacon.
.TP
.B \-k,\ \-\-chicken
Order your pizza with chicken.
.TP
.B \-s,\ \-\-philly-steak
Order your pizza with Philly steak.
.TP
.B \-g,\ \-\-green-peppers
Order your pizza with green peppers.
.TP
.B \-e,\ \-\-black-olives
Order your pizza with black olives.
.TP
.B \-a,\ \-\-pineapple
Order your pizza with pineapple.
.TP
.B \-m,\ \-\-mushrooms
Order your pizza with mushrooms.
.TP
.B \-o,\ \-\-onions
Order your pizza with onions.
.TP
.B \-j,\ \-\-jalapeno-peppers
Order your pizza with Jalapeno peppers.
.TP
.B \-j,\ \-\-banana-peppers
Order your pizza with banana peppers.
.TP
.B \-d,\ \-\-cheedar-cheese
Order your pizza with cheedar cheese.
.TP
.B \-n,\ \-\-provolone-cheese
Order your pizza with Provolone cheese.
.TP
.B \-v,\ \-\-green-olives
Order your pizza with green olives.
.TP
.B \-r,\ \-\-tomatoes
Order your pizza with diced tomatoes.

.SH USAGE
.TP
pizza-py-party -pdc 3 medium handtoss
.TP
Orders 3 medium, handtoss pizzas with pepperoni, cheedar cheese, and bacon.

.SH CONF FILE: .pizza-py-party.conf
.TP
To be placed in your home directory, this file can contain all your default information.  A typical format would look like...

username=rtm
.br
password=simple
.br
default_quantity=3
.br
default_size=medium
.br
default_crust=deepdish
.br
default_toppings=pepperoni cheedar-cheese
.P
Note: default_toppings must have the long hand version of the command-line
arguments for the topping names

.SH CREDITS
Mad props go to Cory Arcangel (cory@post-data.org) and Michael Frumin (mfrumin AT eyebeam DOT org)
for making the original program, Pizza Party, that inspired this program.
Their code was a great reference for this program and the documentation of
this program is mainly taken from Pizza Party. You can find information about
Pizza Party at
.RE 1
http://www.beigerecords.com/cory/pizza_party/

.SH AUTHOR
Travis Nickles <ryoohki7@yahoo.com>.
